I'm going to sell someone in it but
first I must go to a store to find some
lemons okay now that I have the minute
stand ready I'm going to start selling
welcome to the men it's that how many
help you may I please have a glass of
iced lemonade sure here's go thank you
you're welcome
have a nice day you too welcome to the
men it's that how may I help you can me
and Mario have a glass of ISIL minute
please
sure here's go thank you Thanks
you're welcome have a nice day you too
hey Mario let's find a pickup to
drink'll minute good idea Luigi welcome
to the mended stand how may I help you
can we and don't have a glass of iced
lemonade please sure
here's go Thanks thank you you're
welcome have a nice day you too hey
excuse me sir do you have any my my my
my my my my my my my my mom no I don't
well then you'll under arrest I will get
rid of this stand put your hands behind
your back and you have the right to
remain silent
now getting the police car now you're
going to jail for 12
months that equals a whole year this is
your jail cell you will stay there for
12 months gaggenau man I'm stuck in here
for a whole year hammer bro we can't
believe you were selling lemonade and
got arrested that's it you are grounded
grounded grounded grounded grounded
grounded grounded grounded for four
months now go to your room now no no no
no no no no no no no no no nono nono
nono nono nono nono nono nono nono nono
nono nono no no no no no no no no I
never expected this to happen
member